
Count up your portion, count up your checks
Either you're fam or you’re comin' at my neck
When you gonna freeze with the cool dramatics?
I'm not inspired by your foolish practice
Why do you bullshit? Side up your fence
I’m just a chicken givin' you the egg
Soon, you're gonna see that your platform's wasted
Don't speak too soon on your doubts you're making
A big deal out of a little thing
Why should I try to conform to formulated pasts
When clearly all my instincts led to something more magical?
Am I just a number 'cause it seems like that's your goal?
You push us past our limits just to watch decimals grow
Oh, I need a reason why I’m looked at like a joke
Until I prove you wrong like I’ve done time and time before
And I don't like your teachings and your criticisms lack
The potential to pageantry, my solid golden path
To this, I hope my future is a mile, clairvoyant
There’s no controlling the imagination on a send
Take me to Venus, let me explode
I'm ready to pop like a volcano
Jump over me like you're playing hot lava
Emotions on one hundred thousand, who's gonna
Drink me like soda? People, of course
Use all your words to distract from the source
Aware of the growth, the paper happens
Leave me alone in my own concoction
Breakin’ all my fingertips to carve out many roads
Pushin' out the petals from the thought of what I know
Am I just a number 'cause it seems like that's your goal?
You push us past our limits just to watch decimals grow
Oh, I need a reason why I'm looked at like a joke
Until I prove you wrong like I've done time and time before
And all my intuition says is expansion comes first
But watch us buy material and talkin' 'bout in here
My heart space and my cranium must belong to my dear
Don't push me to the edge until I'm useless and can't feel
They replaced their search for knowledge
With the reach of many material gains
They lack the tenderness of the sensitive
Empathetic but he's cryin' from the pain
It's too late to grow their frame
In their mind, seems like it's already made
No use in arguin' with someone who doesn't
Wanna cry or retice worthy of creation
Am I just a number?
Am I just a number?
Am I just a number?
Am I just a number?
Am I just a number 'cause it seems like that's your goal?
You push us past our limits just to watch our numbers grow
Oh, I need a reason why I'm looked at like a joke
Until I prove you wrong like I've done time and time before
And all my intuition says is expansion comes first
But watch us buy material and talkin' 'bout in here
My heart space and my cranium must be love to my dear
Don't push me to the edge until I'm useless and can't feel